.Dd July 10, 2015
.Os None
.Dt DALISERVER 1
.Sh NAME
.Nm daliserver
.Nd command multiplexer for Tridonic USB DALI adapter
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm daliserver
.Op Fl d Ar loglevel
.Op Fl l Ar address
.Op Fl p Ar port
.Op Fl n
.Op Fl s
.Op Fl f Ar logfile
.Op Fl b
.Op Fl r Ar pidfile
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Bl -tag
.It Fl d Ar loglevel
Specify the log level. Supported are: fatal, error, warn, info, debug.
The default is info. debug is only supported if it was compiled in.
.It Fl l Ar address
Specify the listening address. The default is 127.0.0.1.
.It Fl p Ar port
Specify the listening TCP port. The default is 55825 (0xDA11)
.It Fl n
Enable dry run mode. The USB device is not opened in this mode.
Intended for debugging and testing
.It Fl s
Enable syslog logging. Only error and fatal messages are logged.
.It Fl f Ar logfile
Send log to a file. If debug messages were enabled during compilation, logs
debug messages. Only info messages otherwise.
.It Fl b
Start daliserver in daemon mode.
.It Fl r Ar pidfile
Sets the file where daliserver's PID will be stored in. Normally, this is
only used in conjunction with -b, and will default to /var/run/daliserver.pid
.El
.Sh AUTHORS
.Bl -item
.It
Gregor Riepl <onitake@gmail.com>
.It
Johannes Wüthrich <johannes@deragent.net>
.El
.Sh BUGS
Probably a lot. The communication protocol was reverse engineered by
running the adapter's Windows software in a virtual machine and analyzing
the data that was transmitted on the USB bus. The DALI standard is not
publicly available either, so all the info on the DALI protocol was
extracted from some microcontroller example code documentation and the USB
dumps.
